OKTA-620014 Updates to Web App with Redirect Quickstart (#4295)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/sign-into-web-app-redirect/main/python/reqauthanon.md

Any routes you don't explicitly protect have anonymous access:

> 1. Remove the `@before_request` decorator block from `app.py` to stop everything requiring authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Remove the `@before_request` decorator block from `app.py` to stop everything that requires authentication.
```
